DEVDOCS-3702: Update payments-api-overview (#1460)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/payments/payments-api-overview.md

1. [Create Access Token](/api-reference/store-management/payment-processing/access-tokens/paymentsaccesstokenspost)
2. [Process Payment](/api-reference/payments/payments-process-payments/payment/paymentspost)

> The payment gateway your application uses must support the ability for raw card data to be sent directly over the API. Before beginning development, consult our table of [compatible payment gateways](#compatible-payment-gateways) to verify that your gateway is listed or select one that is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payment gateway your application uses must be able to send raw card data through our API. Before beginning development, consult our table of [compatible payment gateways](#compatible-payment-gateways) to verify that your gateway is listed or select one that is.
```
